Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby uninvested.
We are going to be covering four functions that are related to hashes.
Now, they are very simple function.
That's why I have included all of these in a single tutorial.
Not the first function we are going to go in the studio is going to be the comparable identity function.
The second function we are going to cover in this area is going to be the values function.
Then we are going to see the members function and then finally we are going to see the include function.
So starting on with the compare by identity function.
Now this is a hash class method which compares the hash with its identity and consider the exact same
object as the same keys.
So if you talk about the syntax of this comparable identity function, it is very simple yet.
Right.
And how does that compare by identity?
No arguments are required of him and it is going to work the very in the very simple way as that.
So the second function we are going to cover is going to be the values function.
Now, you have already covered the keys function in the previous tutorial that basically return the
number of keys or you can say the values, the guys that are present in a specific hash.
Now, this values function.
What it is going to do is that it is going to return all the values in a specified hash.
So the syntax for that is going to be hashed out values and whatever hash you are using.
For example, if you're using the hash it, then whatever values are stored in that hash, this function
is going to return you all those values.
Whereas if you just remember the keys function, it return the keys from a certified hash.
But this is going to return the values from a certified hash.
The third function we are going to cover in this tutorial is going to be the member function and it
is also a hash class matter what checks, whether the given key is present in hash or not.
It is very, very, very similar to the function we have already covered.
That was the Haski function and this functional returns either true or false.
If a member is found, it returns true, if a member is not found, it returns false.
The fourth function we are going to cover in this tutorial is the include function you already have
covered, include function in the previous sections, I guess.
But in this tutorial, we are going to see how that include function is going to be used with hashes.
So it is also going to work in a very similar fashion as the member function.
It is going to be hashed out with a question mark.
And the key you have to specify over here, if that key is present in a certain hash, it is going to
return.
True else it is going to return false.
So let's just move on to the example spot and cover one examples of all of these one by one.
So we will start on with the members by identity function.
All right.
So we already have three hashes over here.
What we can do simply over here is that we can just change the format of some of them.
You can just change this to something like this.
We can just specify, let's say.
Strain to this and let's say this value here is no.
So we have actually changed some of the value, some by using its syntax, some by converting them to
strings and some values as well.
Let's say we have got one more Nelva here as well.
And let's say this is also encoded, so now we have got a cluster of identities right over here.
This is a separate Syntex.
This has of that, you know, this has a string stored.
This has a string start.
This, again, has another value and this has an integer type value.
So everything is now defined by identity.
Now, what we are going to do is that we are going to use the comparable identity function right away.
So what we are going to write in, we are going to write input's.
Identity check form for a column, interpellation and interpellation, what are you going to write and
you are going to write an OR.
Compare, underscore to underscore identity, no parameters are required.
Just run it.
All right, so I guess the address is I guess the question mark will help run it now.
All right, it has to be by identity, not to identity, so that's one error was generated.
We don't need a question mark over here.
Run it now and now it has performed identity check.
And now, as you can see or hear that it is telling us everything that is a part of this.
As you can see that it is telling us that this Syntex Ohare is used, that is the colonists index to
identify a key.
And this is the value for that.
And for the second part, you have used this index that is encoded in me.
So that's why it has done that to you will help.
Similarly, if you just type in this for.
Identity check form for hash, be antipollution, and you can just write and be dot.
Compar.
By identity.
Run this and you can see that you've got this Syntex, then you have got this Syntex with a string value
and then you have got a nil value with the Collinses index, then you can simply do it for the third
one as well.
You can just write an identity check from.
Foresee a column interpellation and you can just write in C dot.
Compar.
By identity.
Horrendous.
And you can see that you've got this, I guess we have just misspelled one of them.
All right, we have as we have just had an additional EOWA here and I'll run it now, it is going to
run perfectly.
And as you can see that you have got a comparison check.
Whatever was Ohare is being written overhead.
This means that everything is treated as a different object.
For example, if this had a string, it is treating it by its identity and it is comparing it by its
identity and it is giving us whatever is used over here.
If you're using this index, it is giving you this index.
So that is what it's called.
Compare by identity in Ruby.
So now moving to the second to second function, we are going to cover in this tutorial that is the
values function.
So you can just write inputs.
Values in our.
Colin, interpellation and, well, you can simply ride and you can ride an arrow values racket's run
it and you can see that it is printed out the values that are one hundred and two hundred, which are
the values index.
So you can just ride in your values as well.
Ronda's and it is going to ride on Hundert a string two hundred and Unell as well.
So that is what is basically how you can use the values function.
It works in a very similar fashion as the Keys function which return the keys.
But this values function is going to retain the values in a certified fashion.
In this case that is beyond the heart function we are going to cover in this tutorial as the member
function, which checks whether the giver is present in a hash or not.
So what you can do is that you can just remove this from here.
You can write in member a question mark.
And you can just write in value.
Exist is.
And you can just write and be a member and for example, you want to check in for the see so you can
just write and call and see roundish and it is returned.
True.
Which means that this guy is present in this harsh bio hell.
If you just type in something that is not a part of it, you can see that it will return parts.
Now, doesn't matter if this is has a new value in this as a string value, it doesn't matter at all.
All that matters is that key is present or not.
Now, if you just write in below here Ronda's, you can see that it has printed it out.
But if you just write an idiot member and just write and call and be O'Haire, it is going to return
false.
And the reason behind this is that we are using this index over here.
So what, that we are also to use this index over here.
So if we now run it, it is going to return.
True.
So that was basically about the syntax.
Now the fourth function we are going to cover in this tutorial is the include function.
And as I told you, it works in the very, very same fashion as the member function.
All you have to do is that you have to write and include Abargil.
Run this and it is going to, as you can see, return true and the same goes about the syntax.
If you just write in Colombia over here for this a run, it it is not going to it is going to run,
but it is going to generate false because of this syntax difference.
If you want this to return.
True.
Your writing in quotation marks, be here and it is going to then return to include function also does
not see if something is nil or something like that.
If you just write in the square, you know that this does not is a part of it.
That's it is written because if you just write a deed or include runit, it is going to return.
True.
And says you can see that.
See the part of it.
It has the value nil.
But since C is present because member function and include function checks, if a key is present or
not, it doesn't matter if it has a value or if it has a nil value.
So that's how basically all these four functions are used in Ruby.
So I hope you have understood them.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial as well.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys later.